`--stdin` and `--all` for `dvc check-ignore` cmd (#1675)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/check-ignore.md

## Synopsis

```usage

> usage: usage: dvc check-ignore [-h] [-q | -v] [-d] [-n] [--stdin] [-a]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage: usage: dvc check-ignore [-h] [-q | -v] [-d] [-a] [-n] [--stdin]
```

- `-v`, `--verbose` - displays detailed tracing information.

> - `--stdin` - Read pathnames from the standard input, one per line,
>   instead of from the command-line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--stdin` - Read paths interactively from standard input instead of providing
  `targets`. Exit with `Ctrl+C`.
  
```

- `-v`, `--verbose` - displays detailed tracing information.

> - `--stdin` - Read paths interactively from standard input instead of providing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--stdin` - read paths interactively from standard input instead of providing
```

> - `--stdin` - read paths interactively from standard input instead of providing
>   `targets`. Exit with `Ctrl+C`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--stdin` - read paths from standard input instead of providing `targets`.
  Useful for interactive debugging (exit with `Ctrl+C`) and POSIX pipes.
```

>   Useful for interactive debugging (exit with `Ctrl+C`) and POSIX pipes.

Reviewer: > exit with `Ctrl+C`

Is that correct @karajan1001 ? Thanks

Reviewer: I see it works, although it prints an error... If there's a better way please update the doc.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1477535/89701682-cfee1180-d8fe-11ea-8b99-d6ae6e555ca2.png)

>   Useful for interactive debugging (exit with `Ctrl+C`) and POSIX pipes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Useful for interactive debugging and POSIX pipes.
```

> - `-a`, `--all` - Show all of the patterns match the target paths. Only
>   usable when `--details` is also employed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-a`, `--all` - show all of the patterns match the target paths. Only
  usable when `--details` is also employed
```

> - `-a`, `--all` - show all of the patterns match the target paths. Only
>   usable when `--details` is also employed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-a`, `--all` - show all the patterns that match each target path. Only usable
  when `--details` is also employed
```

>   `--details` list. Has no effect without `--details`.

Reviewer: We just need to move --stdin before -v and --all before -n please.

> - `-a`, `--all` - show all the patterns that match each target path. Only usable
>   when `--details` is also employed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-a`, `--all` - include all the patterns that match each target path in the
  `--details` list. Has no effect without `--details`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's move this before -n, please.

.dvcignore:2:!file2	file2
```

> By default, only the last pattern matched would be shown To see all the patterns
> matched, use `--all` (`-a`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only the last pattern matched would be shown. To see all the
patterns matched, use `--all` (`-a`).
```

> By default, only the last pattern matched would be shown, if we want to see all
> of the patterns matched, `--all` option would help you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only the last pattern matched would be shown To see all the patterns
matched, use `--all` (`-a`).
```

```dvc
$ dvc check-ignore -d -a file2
.dvcignore:1:file*	file2
.dvcignore:2:!file2	file2
```

> With the `--non-matching` option, non-matching `targets` will also be included
> in the list. All fields in each line, except for `<target path>`, will be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `--non-matching` (`-n`) option, non-matching `targets` will also be
included in the list. All fields in each line, except for `<target_path>`, will
be empty.
```

.dvcignore:2:!file2	file2
```

By default, only the last pattern matched would be shown. To see all the
patterns matched, use `--all` (`-a`).

```dvc
$ dvc check-ignore -d -a file2
.dvcignore:1:file*	file2
.dvcignore:2:!file2	file2
```

With the `--non-matching` (`-n`) option, non-matching `targets` will also be
included in the list. All fields in each line, except for `<target_path>`, will
be empty.

```dvc
$ dvc check-ignore -d -n other
::	other
```

> At last `--stdin` provides an interactive cmd line tool for our pattern 
> debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example: Check paths interactively

The `--stdin` option provides an interactive way to debug `.dvcignore` patterns:
```

.dvcignore:2:!file2	file2
```

By default, only the last pattern matched would be shown. To see all the
patterns matched, use `--all` (`-a`).

```dvc
$ dvc check-ignore -d -a file2
.dvcignore:1:file*	file2
.dvcignore:2:!file2	file2
```

With the `--non-matching` (`-n`) option, non-matching `targets` will also be
included in the list. All fields in each line, except for `<target_path>`, will
be empty.

```dvc
$ dvc check-ignore -d -n other
::	other
```

> ## Example: Check paths interactively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example: Check paths interactively or programmatically
```

The `--stdin` option provides an interactive way to debug `.dvcignore` patterns:

```dvc
$ dvc check-ignore --stdin
> file1
file1
> other
> file2

> file2

Reviewer: Another thing I noticed is that at least on Windows there's no `>` character:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1477535/89701638-6ec63e00-d8fe-11ea-981a-93e825e7383b.png)

Are they printed on other systems @karajan1001 ? Thanks

Reviewer: I guess it's up to the shell, probably...

```

> It can also be used in a Unix pipeline as a component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also be used as a component of a POSIX pipe:
```
